Client policies: executor for validate and match a redirect URI (#25647)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/server_admin/topics/threat/open-redirect.adoc

{project_name} requires that all registered applications and clients register at least one redirection URI pattern. When a client requests that {project_name} performs a redirect, {project_name} checks the redirect URI against the list of valid registered URI patterns. Clients and applications must register as specific a URI pattern as possible to mitigate open redirector attacks.

If an application requires a non http(s) custom scheme, it should be an explicit part of the validation pattern (for example `custom:/app/\*`). For security reasons a general pattern like `*` does not cover non http(s) schemes.

> By using <<_client_policies, Client Policies>>, an administrator can make sure that clients cannot register open redirect URLs like `*`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using <<_client_policies, Client Policies>>, an administrator can make sure that clients cannot register open redirect URLs such as `*`.
```

Author: I fixed the sentence as you suggested.
